Professor: Adam Howard
Department: Education
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: ED213  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor Howard is very funny and cares about his students. The class is very reading-heavy so be prepared for that but the topics are quite interesting.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Adam is definitely one of my favorite professors I've had at Colby. He is incredibly hard working, interesting, kind, and caring about students. He is someone who definitely wants to get to know you and has very interesting perspectives.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
These other reviews seem wrong and targeted/personal. Adam is an excellent teacher and always willing to help students out in pretty much any way.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Adam is one of my favorite professors at Colby. He is kind, informative, and cares about the students. I would highly recommend that people take his classes. His senior seminar is incredible.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
I am a little confused about where some of these negative reviews are coming from because Adam was one of my favorite professors that I have had at Colby. He truly cares so much about all of his students and wants everyone to succeed. Really really enjoyed his class and cannot recommend him enough as a professor.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 2
I liked Adam's class. He was friendly and accessible, and you can tell he cares about the things he's teaching. The one thing I didn't like was how much class time was devoted to group projects. I would have much preferred lectures or discussions on reading. Otherwise, this class taught me a lot, and I loved the justice-oriented approach he took.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Adam assigns a lot of readings and reading responses, but for good reason, as he puts his whole heart into every class and expects his students to do the same. I can't recommend him strongly enough. Just don't think it'll be an easy elective class.

Class: ED493  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 2
Took senior seminar with Adam. Pretty boring class. Also Adam is pretty unclear about what he wants for assignments. That being said, he is pretty chill and it wasn't hard to do well.

Class: ED322  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
The best class that I ever had.

Class: ED298  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
No Comments

Class: ED235  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
one of the best classes i've ever taken...interesting assignments...moon journals
