Professor: Daniel H. Cohen
Department: Philosophy
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
He is accessible but his communication style does not work for everyone. There are pop quizzes all the time, including right before and after long breaks. He does not offer extra credit of any sort. Lectures in class were boring and I would not take a class with him again.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Go to office hours!!! I took PL151 for the QR requirement and really enjoyed it. The class can be tough but it is great when you know what you're doing.  If you do the homework and ask questions/go to office hours, you'll do well. I also recommend the PL151 tutors.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Such a sweet guy. Content is easy if you pay attention and do the homeworks. Lots of pop quizzes but he drops your lowest scores.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Amazing professor, Cohen's lectures were always very interesting and were always engaging. The course material was extremely interesting and presented well. Cohen is always very understanding and always will explain any tough concepts. Great professor would highly recommend taking one with him.

Class: PHIL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
I love professor Cohen! I had no clue what I wanted to major in and logic helped me settle on philosophy. He is so passionate about not only the subject, but putting in effort for his students. Each homework is new, each exam is different, and he writes out comprehensive guides to each unit that are 50+ pages long. Great guy.

Class: PL239  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Prof. Cohen is a gift to academia; his lectures are humorous and witty, and he is one of the most compassionate people on Colby campus. He is highly respected and is a phenomenal philosopher, Epistemology is a phenomenal course to take with him as he is very knowledgeable about the subjects but loves discovering new angles with the students.

Class: PHIL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Great professor, always available, fun to talk to, and super interesting topic. It can be tough, but when you get it, it's smooth sailing. Recommend 100%

Class: PHIL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
He's a very kind professor, but the content of the class is difficult. He does have office hours before class, but because of the class size, it may be hard getting all the help you need. Contact the PL151 tutors if you need extra help with the homework.

Class: PHIL  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
I am taking PL239 Epistemology and I highly recommend this class for the incoming freshman that want an easy-going philosophy class that actually ties into other subjects!

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Professor Cohen is an absolute gem, his class is difficult, and if you have not received a bad grade through high school, get ready. He is very sweet but office hours can be tough to access due to class size and certain people taking up all his time.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Dan is hilarious. He goes out of his way to get to know students in a class of 75 people which really shows how much he cares about you. The material of logic is fairly simple but Dan is also super accessible outside of class if you are struggling. He will literally go through questions with you multiple times in different ways

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Cohen is a wonderful teacher and a super cool guy. Highly recommend taking logic with him, especially if you like puzzles.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Cohen is great, really funny guy and the class is easy.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
I have taken a class with Professor Cohen every semester for the last three semesters. His lectures are interesting and he can make three hour classes fly by. Fast grader and has more knowledge about the world than anyone I have ever met.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor Cohen is one of the most respectable, available, and interesting professors at Colby. He is always passionate about what he is teaching and it shows based on how much effort he puts into a single class. Despite it being a large class, Prof. Cohen goes out of his way to get to know students and really creates a great academic environment.

Class: PHIL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Always available to students

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
I really enjoyed taking Logic with Professor Cohen. He definitely loves his pop quizzes, but he's a super understanding (and oftentimes very funny) guy who also is really good at making such a complex subject easy to understand for students. While he doesn't take attendance, I really recommend showing up to class because his lectures help a lot!

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Dan understands that most people take logic to get their Q out of the way; he's super accessible and will take the time to help you if you show up to his office hours (WHICH YOU SHOULD). Generally just a very kind and sweet man, and the class itself was enjoyable.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
I was one of many students taking Logic to fulfill my quantitative reasoning requirement, and found it far preferable to math. Quizzes are unannounced and cannot be made up. Cohen is genuinely willing to help students, and can recommend tutors for the harder units. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he knew all 70 students by name in my class.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Professor Cohen is very passionate about Logic and he's always willing to help after class. Also his beard is epic.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
As some have mentioned, Professor Cohen is a very helpful professor who cares deeply about his students actually learning the material. More than that, he'll get you interested in Philosophy even if you don't think you are. Lastly he's a great guy and is always helpful.

Class: PHIL175  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Cohen is the man. He cares so much about all of his students and is super helpful and accommodating. He lets the class decide on essay topics to be sure we're writing about what we can write well. Even if you don't like philosophy take a class with him.

Class: AY175  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Funny, very helpful guy. Concepts are either &quot;get it or you don't&quot; and sometimes lectures were very boring. But outside of class he's amazing-so willing to explain everything and clarify it using personal examples.

Class: PHIL151  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
As a previous poster noted, in the logic class you either get it or you don't. I didn't think Cohen's lectures were very clear and despite really studying and doing the work, I found a lot of the quizzes / tests very difficult. If you aren't good with abstract concepts, this is not the class for you. I was really confused all semester.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 3
Interesting class but Cohen bored me to death. Maybe it was because I don't do well in lecture situations, but I couldn't seem to pay attention during class. Watch out for the pop quizzes.

Class: PL127  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
A great guy in and out of class. He made what could have been an awful class a great one. Always knew what he expected from you in class, graded fairly and got the class involved in great discussions. His test study guides were really helpful too, and he didn't give much work at all.

Class: PL175  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 5
Dan is just freakin' awesome!

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
One of those classes that you either &quot;Get it&quot; or you don't. I found it clearly explained tho some of my classmates really struggled with it. Overall, I'd give this class very high marks and really glad I took it. But why did Colby allow me to graduate with this class as my only math credit instead of forcing me to also take calculus&#63;

Class: PHIL  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Finished his basic logic course years ago but still remember it; I've since studied logic elsewhere, but he explained things the most clearly and simply; no better person to get started in phil with.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
really wants you to do well-- encouraging and always makes time to help you.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Cohen is on top of what he's doing always. He's an extremely qualified professor who's very intelligent, humorous, witty, and engaging.  Also, as a Colby grad, he seems to be very tied in with the community.

Class: DICKRORTY  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Engaging, Humorous, garrulous.

Class: PL151  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Great teacher, fun class. Wrokload isn't that bad either.

Class: PL338  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Philosophy of Language class
