Professor: Elizabeth  Ketner
Department: Writing
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 1
Very kind professor but the class itself wasn't terribly interesting. She mostly lets you write about whatever you want which I had a lot of fun with though.

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Ketner is the sweetest woman you will ever meet. She is absurdly slow with grading BUT she's awesome when you approach her for feedback, and her advice is quite helpful. If you make the effort to show you care about the work, it'll go a long way. Take this class and just engage, she's so fun and just vibes out don't take for granted

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
She's so amazing. Genuinely so happy I took her class

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Definitely the best teacher I've ever had. She's so sweet and understanding and wants to see her students do well. Some people complain that she's a slow grader, but I don't think it matters because as long as you try you will have a good grade in the class. She is also VERY flexible with deadlines so there is really no excuse to have a bad grade.

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
The best W1 professor you could possibly have

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Never liked ELA, but she's the literal best professor i have ever had at Colby in my 4 years here. She's very kind, enthusiastic, and makes the class enjoyable, considering its a w1. She's very clear on he expectations, and is happy to give feedback and extensions when needed. i WISH she taught an elective/non w1 as well, would sign up immediately.

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Prof Ketner is incredible. I love her. TAKE HER CLASS

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 1
Professor Ketner is SO sweet and really cares about each of her students. If its clear that you care, she rewards you with a good grade. The class is pretty boring but she is great!

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Ketner is my favorite professor at Colby. Really great person that actually cares. I highly recommend her class

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Prof Ketner is the nicest person ever, her class is easy and it is truly such a welcoming environment. There are no wrong answers and she wants to see you succeed. I wish she taught other classes so I could look forward to more in the future.

Class: W1115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Professor Ketner was super relaxed with deadlines and understood if you couldn't get something in in time. Readings were fun, and discussions were pretty chill. Lots of extra credit opportunities, if you wanna do well it's easy to.

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Very kind and is more than happy to give feedback or help with deadlines if you can't make them for whatever reason. The coursework was straightforward and decently interesting for someone who doesn't care for English courses. Would definitely recommend her for your W1s. would take her again if she had a class that fulfills another requirement.

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Although the class is dull, Professor K is an amazing person. She really cares about her students, and she is really enthusiastic about her class. She is an easy grader too, easy grade if you put enough work.

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Great teacher super nice and really wants to help you outside of class and give you feedback. Super slow grader but otherwise she's the best.

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Professor Ketner is a great professor if you don't want to do anything with writing in the future. She gives feedback on how to reword something, so copy and paste it into your paper and she'll give you an A. She allows for a lot of time to redo essays and you can very easily improve your first draft grade. She's very flexible with deadlines.

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 2
Ketner's classes are almost manic. You will work through a lot of information every class. Paper's are on the longer side but deadlines are lax. Easy A if you put a little work in

Class: WP115  |  Quality: 1  |  Difficulty: 1
Have no idea what my grade is. Very slow grader. Very nice but not organized at all.

Class: W1115  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 2
Professor Ketner is an amazing person but as a professor she definitely lacks structure. She gets really behind on grading papers which makes it hard to tell what your grade is. Definitely an easy W1 but if you're planning to continue taking English classes it might not prepare you that well.

Class: WP120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Ketner is very nice and helpful. She can take a while grading your assignments, but always gives good feedback and is lenient when students need extensions. Great professor

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Professor Ketner is very nice, extremely willing to help, loves to talk, and will grant extensions on papers.  Lots of homework, but doesn't always collect it.  Gets behind on grading, but gives great feedback. Cares about students.  I thought I hated writing, but I loved this class!  Highly recommended!

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 2
Professor Ketner is a really nice lady and she has all of the best intentions but she is not the best teacher. She only teaches on class and still has not been able to get us our grades back on our first paper. I have no clue how i stand in her class because of it. On some things she says things are well the other times you just are not sure.

Class: WP115C  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Amazing class! Super fun and chill, but also felt like I learned a lot and honed my writing skills.
