Professor: Jonathan H. McCoy
Department: Physics
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: PH241  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
He is an excellent professor for a variety of reasons. PH 241 was a great class. Each lecture was engaging and interesting. Go to office hours! He does a great job at figuring out exactly what you're stuck on and explains it very well. The class was very conceptual but the math was pretty simple. Genuinely the best professor I have had at Colby.

Class: PH145  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor McCoy has left the greatest impact on me out of any professor I have crossed paths with at Colby. He is kind, thoughtful, brilliant, and anyone listening to him talk should consider themself lucky. You cannot help but leave the room feeling like whatever he was saying is probably the most important thing in the world. He is a great human.

Class: PH241  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Professor McCoy is the best teacher I have ever had. Physics is not typically my strong suit, but he really goes out of his way to help every student succeed. He is the kindest and most supportive person I know. The effort he puts into promoting learning is inspirational. There really aren't enough words to describe what a spectacular person he is

Class: PH145  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 1
Very nice guy, cares a lot about his students, but moves slowly through the material and doesn't go as in depth as one would hope

Class: PH145  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
The lectures he gives are super energetic. You can tell he really loves physics and it inspires his students to feel the same way. He never hesitates to clarify any confusion at any time during lecture, always making a point to be there for every person in the class. He is very funny and such a sweet individual. His class is the highlight of my day

Class: PH145  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Inspiring professor. Really cares about his students.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
(PH145) McCoy honestly changed physics for me this semester. He is so kind and passionate and will always be there to support you in your learning. Office hours were always helpful, even when I didn't have my own questions. His class is challenging, but he provides you with everything you need to succeed as long as you put in the work to get there.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
He is a great lab instructor. Makes sure everyone understands and then dismisses u after having a talk. He is even doing my recommendations. He will answer your questions in a clear, full understanding way. Great guy and passionate about physics

Class: PH120  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
For this course he had read a lot, but he gave a lot of feedback and was very approachable. He genuinely made me care about what I was writing, and he was also understandable when you needed his help. Would love to take another class with him again.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
He's a great guy and makes it possible for almost everyone to do well in the class.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Jonathan is super funny and his pep talks are the best. He seems to really care about each of his students. All around great guy.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
McCoy is the man.  He would do anything for students.  Not sure why people are saying he's hard cause it's just intro mechanics and he gives you the chance to correct all homework up to a 100 (and drops the lowest 2 homeworks anyway).

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
One of the best teachers I've had at Colby so far. He makes physics fun and interesting. Really funny guy. Everyone should take his PH141 class.

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor McCoy is one of the best professors I've had at Colby.  I am not a science person, but McCoy made physics truly interesting and understandable.  He's funny and animated, and is obviously very into what he's teaching.  He focuses on concepts rather than equations, and even in a class of 50, will take an interest in each person in the class

Class: PH141  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Hilarious professor. Incredibly enjoyable class although difficult. The thing he cares most about is concepts so if you make sure to do the reading each week and stop by his office hours to ask questions, you'll do fine.
