Professor: Julie T. Millard
Department: Chemistry
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: BC368  |  Quality: 1  |  Difficulty: 5
Julie is probably one of the most knowledgeable professors at Colby, but she is not a very good educator. If you normally score an A in other chemistry or bio classes, be prepared to be hit with C in her class. She is a ruthless grader, and she has this policy that her office hours is practically useless

Class: BC368  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 5
Julie is brilliant, but I don't think she gives a damn about any of her students. Her tests are more on the stuff that she mentioned once during a discussion period to see if you remember the details, rather than to test you on important or fundamental materials. She is a very tough grader, and no matter how hard you try, her exams will screw you.

Class: CH115  |  Quality: 1  |  Difficulty: 5
Professor Millard is a very smart woman and really knows her stuff. That being said, I would not recommend her class to anyone. She is a ruthless grader and largely unsympathetic to extension requests. Do not take her class for a W1 requirement, it will ruin your GPA while your friends all get an A in theirs. Take literally any other W1.

Class: BC367  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 5
While I do believe that Professor Millard is well organized and has a phenomenal understanding of biochemistry, I believe her style of teaching is a bit aggressive and she is too intimidating. To do well on tests, I would make sure to take super detailed notes during lecture. This will be by far your most difficult class at Colby so be prepared!

Class: BC367  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 5
Fairly unapproachable and makes you feel bad for not understanding content. Tests were unfair. In lecture, she would make fun of former students for not knowing certain &quot;obvious&quot; material. She does push you to work hard and had solid powerpoints, but overall, class with her was a negative experience and I would take it with someone else if you can.

Class: CH115  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 5
An extremely tough grader, although will give you plenty of feedback on each assignment. Lots of small and big assignments due at different times throughout the week so make sure you keep track of that. If you want an A you'll really have to go above and beyond with papers and assignments. Doing them yourself won't cut it. Don't recommend taking.

Class: CH115  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
Millard is an engaging professor who knows what she is talking about. Lectures are carefully planned, but also posted online. Gives advance notice of quizzes, and has clear expectations. If you get the chance to take this course, do it!

Class: BC362  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 5
High expectations of her students but an incredible teacher. Her lectures are crystal clear and so interesting. The MCAT was a breeze after her class. No teacher has prepared me better.

Class: CH115  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
The course, The Science of Crime, really has lots of good stuffs, though I can't say if it is interesting to you because science is interesting to me. A tough grader, though. This is a W1 course taught by a tough professor, so make sure to get your paper reviewed by her before submitting. I got a C for the first paper... so ask her what she wants.

Class: BIOCHA  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 5
Millard is probably one of the hardest teachers at Colby. She is also one of the best. If you want to do a Biochem PhD or Med School and you get a B or higher in her class, I can guarantee you'll get an A in med school's biochem.

Class: BC368  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 5
Prof. Millard is probably the best teacher at Colby College. It is a travesty that she gets a bad rep for pushing her students to limits they never knew they were capable of. Seems intimidating, but she merely wants you to be an independent successful thinker. Does not put up with ANY nonsense, and rightly so. Best teacher i have ever had

Class: BC367  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 3
No Comments

Class: BC367  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 5
No Comments

Class: BC368  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Difficult but fair. Well prepared and expects you to be. She has a buried and brutal sense of humor. Don't be late to class, do the readings and homework. Her classes are very Darwinian. If  you can do the work, she'll like you and you'll get a hard-earned grade (probably), and you'll learn tons. She kind of does like guys better...

Class: BC368  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Millard gets a bad rep because she's no nonsense and loves to be challenging. But isn't this why we came to college&#63; It has become common for people to opt out for the easy A. Millard knows this and that is why she's so unrelenting (which often comes off as being abrasive). She's a great teacher, but you'll have to do your homework (and lots of it)

Class: CH112  |  Quality: 1  |  Difficulty: 5
She is the worst professor I have ever had

Class: CHEMCH11  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 5
She is really hard!!  Even in a Chemistry for CITIZENS class, her tests are ridiculous and she wants people to drop her class, it's interesting, but she is heartless.

Class: CH361  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
In terms of teaching...nothing to complain about.  Exams weren't hard but she graded them hard. Points off for everything!  Forget about getting office time since she has no qualms about shooing you away to clean her desk.  Has some weird biased against girls (just noticably much nicer to guys).  overall worst chem teacher in the department.
