Professor: Nikky-Guninder K. Singh
Department: Religion
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: RE111  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
GOAT professor.

Class: RE218  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 2
I took RE218. The course didn't really go in detail about other religions in the area. Lectures weren't structured, assignments were graded almost arbitrarily, we were never given a numeric grade, and the percentages for assignments on the syllabus weren't followed. If you manage to become a favorite of hers I imagine you'd get more than a B+.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 3
She doesn't care. She will screw you over and then hug you. 10 page paper assigned without notice during finals week. She changes her expectations and assignments in her head without telling anyone. This class was not worth my time or frustration. You can do better.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor Singh is a real gem. I appreciate her passion for teaching and getting to know her students. Go to her office hours! She loves to chat and talking with her is a real joy. Every Colby student should have the chance to take a class with Prof. Singh. Make sure you attend each class and keep up with the reading. Participation is key!

Class: RE111  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
FANTASTIC! This class changed my life. Professor Singh is super caring and knowledgeable. I learned so much about myself and India. You are only graded on papers but as long as you pay attention in class you will do great! Fair grading. Participation and attendance are important (DO NOT skip class and DO the reading). Everyone needs to take RE111!

Class: RE312  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Nikky is a very inspiring professor. Taking her class made me a more confident student. She encouraged me every step of the way and pushed me to work harder and to participate in class. She helped me find my voice and become a better writer. I have a great relationship with her and I would take another class with her in a heartbeat.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor Singh gives lectures that are just one long stream of consciousness, they are hard to follow and you leave class unsure of what was discussed. She is also a tough grader without setting any expectations or providing any guidelines. She's a great woman but if you like organization this isn't for you!

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 3
Prof Singh oozes warmth and affection. On the first day of class, you know you're going to have a blast listening to her. Lectures can be a little unorganizeddifficult to follow, but Singh's passion and thoughtful analysis of the reading material is definitely engaging. She grades kind of tough, but realistically.  Prepare to think hard!

Class: RE212  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 5
She is a very nice person and someone I enjoyed getting to know, but that was about the extent of what I enjoyed. Her class lectures felt like one long stream of consciousness that I was rarely able to follow. Class attendance is mandatory or you will fail. My biggest gripe is that she is an unbelievably hard grader given she sets no expectations.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
She's super-friendly, quite helpful but sometimes vague in instructions. Your assignments are broad so you can really get creative and write exactly what you want. She likes to make her students think A LOT and very deeply, and really make an effort. She assigns a lot of reading, but most of it is very interesting.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
She knows what she's talking about and is a pretty big deal. you just have to go to her office hours and she will be more than willing to help. Once you get on her good side it's not too hard.

Class: RE212  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 3
She is an amazing professor. Her class was very engaging. After taking her class, I connected everything to Buddhism. The class did get a little repetitive over time because we spent a lot of time on different versions of Buddhism and so the same arguments came up many times during discussions. Also her essay instructions are often unclear.

Class: REA  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
To all those haters a little miffed cause your grade was not as high as it could be: too bad. Nikky is an AMAZING professor. She is consistent, helpful and dedicated to her students on every level possible. She has helped me achieve so many goals, made me a better writer and pushed me to my limits. One of the best professors I've had by far.

Class: RELIGION  |  Quality: 1  |  Difficulty: 3
Very unclear about what she expects from her students, and while the texts are interesting, she argues with you or immediately shuts you down if you don't agree with her particular interpretation. Avoid at all costs.

Class: REA  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Professor Singh is an excellent professor and wonderful person as well. She is extremely helpful outside of class and truly cares about her students. She does not teach using powerpoints and lectures. Her classes are often heavily discussion-based, which means it is mandatory to do the readings, I would highly recommended taking a class of hers.

Class: RESIKH  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
Nikky is one of the best people I have met in my life.  She is a world-famous Sikh scholar, yet chooses to teach at a small liberal arts school because she truly loves her students.  They mean the world to her, regardless of their grades. She is easily accessible for class help, and eager to provide support in any way, academically or personally!

Class: RE212  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
She doesn't really know what she's talking about. I was really interested in this class but it turns out she just wishes she was a philosophy teacher instead. Turned me off from the religious department here.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
I LOVE Nikki Singh! She's absolutely adorable. Her class is so much fun. The papers are a little hard, and she's a pretty harsh grader but the discussions on the readings are great. Highly recommended!

Class: EA1  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
This is by far one of the worst experiences I have had at the college.  Not only is she a bad teacher but she also plays favorites.  On top of that she does not clearly tell the students what she expects from them.  Also unnessarily agressive towards males.  I don't know why colby tenured her.

Class: RE312  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 1
She is completely unstructured so students don't know what to do. She's unclear about her expectations, so students suffer yet again. She's not so prompt in responding to emails. And she seems to play favoritism in class, which is utterly annoying. She has a great personality but not so much as a professor.

Class: RE211  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 3
Nikky was completely unclear about her expectations on assignments, and often changed assignments a couple of days before they were due. She was unreliable and unable to provide the structure to run an effective class. Her class was interesting, but her grading harsh and inconsistent.

Class: RELIGION  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
The best!

Class: RE241  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
Had east asian studies. All we talked about in class was how everyone &quot;feels&quot; about the readings. No real substance to the class. Then, she nitpicked on papars. Great person, awful professor. She sets up no expectations and then throws lots of stuff at you.

Class: RE211  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
She's great! Very passionate, but somewhat strict on papers.

Class: RE117  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Nikky is one of those professors who makes Colby great, she is a great professor and a great person, do yourself a favor and get to know her before you graduate, you'll be a better person because of it...

Class: RE212  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 4
Really nice...  but doesn't always know her stuff.  Unusually hard grader. Expectations usually not very clear.

Class: RE211  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 1
Nikky is enthusiastic about what she teaches and all she wants is that you are enthusiastic as well.

Class: RE211  |  Quality: 2  |  Difficulty: 2
No Comments

Class: RE211  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 3
likes to preach rather than teach, expects same amount of enthusiasm for material as she has or grades will suffer, not very clear about expectations.
