Professor: Nora Youngs
Department: Mathematics
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: MA160  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Best prof at Colby

Class: MA253  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Very engaging and personable. Material can be tough but she explains it well.

Class: MA253  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Nora was an amazing professor. If you want to take linear algebra, take it with Nora.

Class: MA253MA274  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Fantastic teacher that knows how to break down hard concepts and make them understandable. However, she gives (at least for MA253 and MA274) A LOT of homework. The difficulty in classes is not from the concepts themselves, but from the amount of homework that is given. You will learn a lot with her but be careful with how 
you schedule classes

Class: MA130  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Prof. Youngs is AMAZING! She really wants all of her students to succeed and is available for office hours almost every day. Her lectures are engaging and she has a lot of personality!

Class: MA333  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Nora is an absolutely wonderful professor and person! She's able to communicate high level mathematics in a fun and understandable way, a skill which is very rare. She will bend over backwards to make sure you are okay both in and out of the class, and is always willing to help. If you can take MA333 with her, consider yourself blessed!

Class: MA130  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
genuinely good professor, i really hated math in high school because i never had good teachers but she changed my perspective. she's super kind. there's a lot of homework/lab assignments, but she makes it easy to get help outside of class time. i would not have survived 8am math if it was with anyone else. 10/10

Class: MA130  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Professor Youngs is a truly kind and engaging professor. Homework and labs require lots of time and attention, but she offers an almost ungodly amount of office hours (almost 2 each day), plus hours with the course LAs/TAs to get work done. The homework is much harder than the exams, and exams have you think conceptually. Awesome person.

Class: MA333  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Amazing professor!! Her love for the subject really made the subject more interesting to learn. The midterm was tough but with all other aspects of the class a poor score did not hinder my overall grade. Also, the final was oral which was awesome in my opinion! She even let me be my cat for moral support. 10/10 would recommend!!

Class: MA122  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Her course was fairly difficult and homework was rough, but Professor Youngs did everything to make it easier. She is incredibly accessible, with a shocking amount of office hours, and always willing to help her students. Her lectures are engaging and help immensely with understanding the material better. She loves teaching and math and it shows.

Class: MA253  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Great Professor, don't slack though

Class: MA333MA398B  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Nora Youngs is an extremely kind, compassionate, and intelligent professor, and a wonderful addition to the Colby Math faculty. I've struggled at times with academics - and nonacademics - and Nora has always been willing to listen, offer advice, and help out. Her lectures are always fun and engaging. If you have the chance, take a class with Nora!

Class: MA122MA274  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Nora is my favorite professor at Colby by far. She is very accessible through office hours and emails and always makes times for her students. She is one of the most enthusiastic people (nevermind professors) that I have ever met. The homework can be very difficult, but it ensures you know the material so that the exams are easier.

Class: MA122  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Nora is a fantastic addition to Colby's math department. Her lectures are theatrical, engaging, and entertaining. The interactivity of her content will really help solidify abstract concepts for people who appreciate kinesthetic descriptions.

Class: MA121  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
Nora Youngs is a joy to have as a professor. She covers a lot of material over one semester, but makes it easy to understand. She is readily available in office hours and very responsive to emails. Not only did I learn a lot in this class, but she has a wonderful, friendly personality that made class bearable. Exams are easier than the homework.
