Professor: Robert T. Bluhm Jr.
Department: Physics
Source: Rate My Professors

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Incredible! Proved physics theorems nearly every class and has a great sense of dry humor. Convinced me to be a physics major.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
He has honestly been my favorite professor ever. He really takes the time to help you understand and is extremely supportive. If you have taken physics before this class is very doable. You should definitely study in advance but other than that its really chill. Labs were fun and hes overall a great guy.

Class: PHY143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
If I could give him 6 stars, I could. I had a situation requiring me to leave campus midway through the semester, and he was unbelievably supportive. The honors physics class is hard, but definitly doable if you adequately study the material. I loved being in his class.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
The absolute &#128016;

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 3
Great guy, lectures can be boring but explains topics very well.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 1
Very easy professor. Pre labs for the class were recommended, but not required. Professor Bluhm provided a summary sheet for each new unit we began, which proved to be very helpful. I felt that the lectures were a little but pointless, but the class was overall very easy.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 2
he's a pretty chill guy. lectures are sometimes boring, especially when he's showcasing proofs for equations that are already established. he's very helpful tho, so don't feel afraid to raise your hand in class or go to his office hours. also he's really lenient with the labs so that's not a big worry

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 2
Bluhm is laid-back and a great guy. He's pretty lenient with deadlines and is passionate about his job. Would take again. Although his lectures can drag on.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Perfect intro to physics. Honors Physics is fast-paced. Very fast paced. If you have seen the SAT physics topics already, you'll be fine, this class digs deeper into those concepts. He definitely is knowledgeable as a String Theorist, grad from Princeton and Columbia. He always brings stuff in class to demonstrate the topics! Take him.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 2
Definitely fast paced by comparison to ph141. About 23 the way through the semester he says "congrats you've learned more than 141 ever will." But its worth it. the last third is special relativity and nuclear physics which is probably the most interesting thing I've learned about in school thus far.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 2
His lectures cover a lot of material but it is covered well and you really learn a lot! The labs are very simple and teach the basics and are graded easy as well. Homework assignments are very helpful and not incredibly time consuming, if you get stuck he's always helpful in office hours.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 3  |  Difficulty: 4
He has a very fast teaching style and covers a lot of material.  The class is very structured which I appreciated.  He wasn't terribly helpful when I went to office hours but your mileage may vary.  He's a nice guy and wants everyone to do well.  Labs are very straightforward as long as you can read and follow directions,and he grades them  easily

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Fantastic guy! Bluhm really knows his stuff, and although some of his lectures will put you to sleep, I would still highly recommend PH143!

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
No Comments

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 3
Very fast/intense teaching style but you learn a lot. Labs are easy, tests are not too bad if you study.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
This is Honor Physics. It's not supposed to be too easy. He has very structured notes and write everything on the board. He'll help you if you have any question.

Class: PH142  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 2
Bluhm is a very clear, concise lecturer and a nice guy. He is easy to talk to, and obviously takes great pride/interest in his teaching and research.

Class: PH143  |  Quality: 5  |  Difficulty: 4
Very enthusiastic and helpful.  Outstanding professor

Class: PHY143  |  Quality: 4  |  Difficulty: 4
Prof. Bluhm's class is very strutured and clear and he explains complicated subjects well but on his tests he always gives the tricky questions.
